Edits to langsmith.mdx (#4480)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/python/integrations/langsmith.mdx

## Trace Activities

Any non-deterministic work in a Temporal Workflow (LLM calls, tool executions, database queries, external API calls,

> and so on) must run inside an Activity. That makes Activities the right place to add LangSmith runs. When you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and so on) must run inside an Activity. That makes Activities an important place to add LangSmith runs. When you
```

Reviewer: The point is that user can decorate their code anywhere, and specifically that includes on the activity definition. It's not supposed to be just for activitiees.
